Amend description of tag usage in the documentation (#4372)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/UsersGuide.asciidoc

'build' by themselves do not own any data the job group is used to store this
information. A tag has a build to link it to a build. It also has a type
and an optional description. The type can later on be used to distinguish

> tag types.  Note that openQA does not define further tag types besides the _important_ tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tag types. Note that openQA does not define further tag types besides the _important_ tag.
```

Reviewer 2: and please also wrap lines consistently at 80 characters

Author: *this change is ready for review*

> tag types. OpenQA does not define further tag types other than _important_ tag.
> User is free to choose any tag he wants for his/her jobs.

Reviewer: The casing of "openQA" is wrong and I'd also tweak the wording a bit, e.g.:
```suggestion
tag types. Note that openQA does not define further tag types besides the _important_ tag.
However, the user is free to choose any tag type as needed.
```

Author: *this change is ready for review*
